# Meetings notes

## Meeting 1.
* **DATE:** 06 - Feb - 2023 
* **ASSISTANTS:** Ivan Sanchez Milara

#### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*
- The following individuals attended the meeting: Justin Seby, Prasasthy Balasubramanian. 
- The tasks for Deadline 1 have been completed by the group. 
- Mr. Ivan reviewed the project's wiki page and evaluated each item based on the criteria for evaluation.
- The team discussed the duration required for each section of the project and allocated tasks to each member during the meeting. 
- Mr. Ivan expressed his concern about the challenges associated with the NLP aspect of the project and recommended that the team focus more on the API side.
- The team discussed the need to ensure that the REST API is being used appropriately.
- During the discussion, Mr. Ivan mentioned that the points allocated for the first deliverable are not finalized and subject to revision based on the review process. He suggested that the team may be able to obtain additional points through the review and revision process."
### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*
During the meeting, several action points were discussed, including:
- It was decided that meeting notes should be added to the GitHub repository after every meeting.
- As a result of the review, it has been determined that the following changes are required in the PWP project section:
  1. Include details about the client platform (such as web or mobile) in the section on API usage.
  2. Changing the Main Concepts section by adding functional and architectural descriptions instead of only providing definitions of concepts and relations.
  3. Describing the machine-to-machine service in the API uses section, along with providing descriptions of the client and service.
  4. Including hypermedia in the related works section and providing client examples. 



## Meeting 2.
* **DATE:** 22 - Feb -2023
* **ASSISTANTS:** Ivan Sanchez Milara

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*
- The following individuals attended the meeting: Justin Seby, Prasasthy Balasubramanian, Kazi Haque, Talha Zeeshan
- The tasks for Deadline 2 have been completed by the group. 
- Mr. Ivan reviewed the project's wiki page and evaluated each item based on the criteria for evaluation.
- The team discussed the duration required for each section of the project and allocated tasks to each member during the meeting. 
- Mr. Ivan expressed his concern about use of state in the API and not meeting project requirements when it comes to API resources.
- The team discussed the need to ensure that the REST API is being used appropriately and meets the project requirements


### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*
- Add a document size limit to mongodb
- make it clear that chat-history and small-talk tables are different.
- reword loginprofile to user-profile. login gives impression of state -> not recommended way in API
- Make API Stateless
- clarify its only for linux in readme for db
- add validation (something like type match)
- check authentication (user only access their own data)
- add script to populate db for testing (give access to jupyter notebook), explain instructions to use jupyter notebook for populating db
- add put/post/delete apis (course requirements) 2 resources of each API call
- add work distribution
- add relationships in db file 


## Meeting 3.
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




## Meeting 4.
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




## Midterm meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




## Final meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




